hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a psychological
horror drama film
look away spoiler ahead watch out and
take care
the 17 year old maria is a timid social
outcast schoolgirl
she's always frustrated and depressed
from her father who's a plastic surgeon
and an obsessive perfectionist which in
return makes maria more self-contentious
at school she's always bullied by a
school
while at home she frequently suppresses
her emotions with her mother
someday maria is much puzzled by a
sonogram of a pair of twins
she discovers hidden behind the mirror
maria knows a way to help let go of her
daytime frustrations
by masturbating herself in her bathroom
while she's terrified by her reflection
which seems to move on its own in the
mirror
she checks it for the second time and
gets shocked after she confirms
it's real instead of any illusion
the following morning the frightened
maria attempts to discuss it with her
parents
however they brush her off with no
patience and send her to school
maria then takes the ride to school from
her best friend lily
the only few friends who maria can talk
to and get the companionship
on her way to the classroom she's
strapped down to the ground by the bully
boy
maria has always remained silent to that
but she's then backed up by lily's
boyfriend whom she actually harbors a
secret crush on for a long time
later that night maria is unable to
sleep
she's then led to the bathroom by the
seemingly voice in her mind
there she sees her reflection in the
mirror who call herself iron
and begins to talk to maria iran tells
maria that nobody cares about maurice's
feelings
including her parents and friends but
she know maria's sadness indeed
and can help her take it all away maria
feels
very reluctant to believe what's been
told by iran
the next morning she takes the mother's
advice to learn skating as her new hobby
at a time when maria visits her father's
clinic she happens to know about her
father's affairs with his patient
on her way home maria turns glad when
the father offers to give her an
early birthday present the next day when
she arrives at her father's office
waiting happily for her birthday gift
however
the father tell her he's going to fix
her flaws with cosmetic surgery
so as to make her rebuild her confidence
maria chooses to accept such a
surprising presence silently
but feels extremely sad at her bottom
heart about her father's obsessive
perfectionism
and ignorance of her true feelings
crushed by the gift
maria begins to find solace and support
from iran
who makes her confront her subconscious
thoughts and inner feelings
the mother senses that something is
wrong with maria but is repeatedly shut
down by her husband
even when she mentions her haunted
nightmares about her giving birth
the following day maria follows lily for
a skating lesson for the upcoming winter
prom
while at that time she's unbelievably
taunted by her best
friend lily after she slips and is
unable to get back up
it turns out that lily gets jealousy of
maria because maria's seemingly weakness
attracts special cares from her
boyfriend
in despair and back home she talks to
the mirror iron again
trying to find herself some comfort
while iram seeks the chance to propose
to switch their places
so that she can put an end to maria's
long-lasting frustrations
however right before the switch is about
to finish the mother interrupts
and urges maria to change her clothes
for the prom
as she shows up in the prom she's taken
care by lily's boyfriend at the
beginning
she's warmed by his encouragement but
later she slips down
and is humiliated by the bully boy again
before all people at the party
who just stand still and turn to laugh
at her clumsiness
devastated by the party maria flees into
the bathroom to find iran
the only person she can trust now right
there their palms and lips touch
allowing them to switch bodies the next
minute
with a totally different personality in
maria's body
iron lights up a smoke and begins to
picture her next moves
to give lessons to all of these bad
people
at school iran is visibly more confident
standing up to the bully boy
and challenging him with dirty words and
sm gestures
then she behaves charming and intimate
before lily's boyfriend
and ignores how her best friend
lillywood thinks about that
but instead she asks lily to offer her
another skating lesson
she then arranges for the mother to run
into her husband's mistress
as way of forcing her to acknowledge the
husband's affairs and their superficial
marriage
the mother who's under long depression
and nightmare
and living in denial about her husband's
affairs totally gets upset by her
daughter's challenge
maria is also appalled by iran's
behavior towards the innocent mother
maria's concession however is treated
vulnerable by iran
but maria now stuck in the mirror can't
do anything to stop
her iran then lures the bully boy to the
shower room
pretending to give him a hormone let
blow job
while he ends up with his knees broken
badly putting an end to his sports
professional
after secretly practicing figure skating
alone iram has another lesson to lily
who's intimidated by iran's sinister
manner
then iram shows her real intent and
chases lily across the ice
the frightened lily panics for the
sudden hostility
she skates right away but unluckily
falls into the pavement
failing crushing her skull rather than
show any sorrow to her
aram fake cries to call the police for
the accident
and then keeps calm to mislead the
investigation by the police
in the bathroom that evening shocked by
what iran did to her family and
schoolmates
maria begs to switch again but gets
refused by iran
during the funeral for lilly iram seeks
the chance to seduce lily's boyfriend
the two begin an intense relationship
and let go off their hormone
later on iran begins living more wildly
skipping school seducing her favorite
schoolboy
and turning totally blind to her mother
while at a motel together lily's
boyfriend gets a phone call
telling him the police want to speak to
him and maria maria refuses to go
and begs him to stay which makes the boy
become suspicious about lily's death
while gets offended by the rude man in a
moment of impulse
iran hits him over his head with a vodka
bottle killing him immediately
maria confined in the mirror and can't
do anything
feels deeply sorry for the loss of her
crushed boy
the going wild iron then leaves the
motel and goes all the way to the
father's clinic office
where she pretends to be heavily
intoxicated
she then strips herself naked before the
father and demands to know
if he would still love her if she were
deformed
the father is clearly perturbed and
embarrassed by such question
he tries to avoid her questions it's
revealed that maria originally had a
twin sister iran
who was however euthanized after birth
by the obsessive perfectionist father
due to her supposed physical deformities
physically erased though the sister is
always there hidden in the mirror
haunting the family with hate and
waiting for her body switch with maria
iran finally slits his throat with a
scalpel
because she's already had her own answer
for the father
after cleaning the blood in her hand
iran feels surprised to see that
maria is now no longer in the reflection
frightened and alone iran returns home
and crawls onto the bed next to the
mother
who seems to have ended her nightmare
finally and reunite with her two
daughters
presumably now merged into one
this is daniel cc movie review peace out